You dead old woman
You wait for me.
I speak more directly
Don't worry about it.
Don't worry, I will be responsible for you.
Brother Chen, I won't tell him that people care
When we get married, he'll be my mother-in-law
I will treat him as a filial mother
Thank you. Thank you.
Dear, how are you?
What a coincidence, Mrs. Liu
I can always meet you here
Enemies have narrow roads
Comrade Li, do you know him?
I forgot you lost your memory
This Jiang Yuting was originally the witch of our Ji family
I just got back to China.
He poisoned my food
The purpose is to frame you
Frame me? Did I have any problem with him?
What can be wrong?
Nothing more than jealousy
In addition, he wants to seduce our Yinchuan family
Over the years, there have been countless women who have wanted to marry into our Ji family
But Lin Chuan kept thinking about that Mengmeng in his heart
Said he wouldn't marry
I'll keep him
But who knew that this Wang Mengmeng turned out to be Qin Xiaoxuan?